Question 6

I don't have personal preferences, but one of the most widely used version control systems is Git. Git is a distributed version control system that's known for its flexibility and efficiency. Below is a brief demonstration for a programmer who is not familiar with Git, covering the four requested tasks: creating a new project, working on an existing project, committing changes, and searching for a change that introduced a bug.

Git Version Control System: Basics and Demonstration
Task 1: Creating a New Project
To create a new project in Git, you need to follow these steps:

Initialize a Git Repository:
You can start a new project by creating a new directory and initializing it as a Git repository using the git init command.

mkdir my_project
cd my_project
git init
Add and Commit Files:
Create some files in your project directory, then add them to the staging area using git add and commit them to the repository using git commit.

touch file1.txt file2.txt
git add .
git commit -m "Initial commit"
Task 2: Begin Working on an Existing Project
If you want to collaborate on an existing Git project, you can follow these steps:

Clone a Repository:
Clone a copy of the project's repository from a remote server using the git clone command.

git clone <repository_url>
Work on the Project:
Now you can make changes to the project files. After making changes, use git add to stage your modifications and git commit to save your work locally.

# Make changes to file1.txt
git add file1.txt
git commit -m "Add new feature"
Task 3: Commit a Change
Committing changes in Git is a fundamental process:

Make Changes:
Modify the files in your project as needed.

Stage Changes:
Use git add to stage the changes you want to commit.

git add modified_file.txt
Commit Changes:
Commit the staged changes with a meaningful commit message.

git commit -m "Implement feature X"
Task 4: Search the History for a Change that Introduced a Bug
To search for a change that introduced a bug, you can use Git's git log and git bisect commands:

View Commit History:
Use git log to view the commit history.

git log
Identify the Suspected Commit:
Look for the point in the commit history where the bug was introduced. Note the commit hash.

I would use a good gui interface for bisecting the bad commit(s) like GitHub Desktop or git extensions.